Story:
The Adversary was banished to outer darkness and the Gate of the World was sealed with the Seven Seals. These seals were scattered [one per world region except swamp], hidden [one per dungeon], and guarded [one boss/Guardian each]. Millenia of peace and prosperity followed where none suffered. Eventually the Guardians were corrupted by the Adversary through the Seals. Evil and suffering have returned. The End of Evil cannot be achieved while the Adversary lives. Many heroes have sought to bring about the End of Evil, but all have failed. Can you succeed where so many have failed?

Basic Idea:
- Collect the Seven Seals by defeating the seven Guardians. Use a specific item in a specific place to destroy each Seal. Destroying all seven Seals opens the Gate of the World, allowing the player to enter the final dungeon and destroy the Adversary.
- Each seal must be destroyed using a specific item, in a specific location
- Clues about what item and what location are associated with each seal are located in both the overworld and the dungeons
- Expect to need a clue from both the overworld and a dungeon to know how/where to destroy a seal
- Clues might be freely given by people whose homes you visit (a-la "Its a secret to everybody"), you might need to pay for a clue or accomplish a task to receive the clue (i.e. "grumble, grumble"), they might also exist as engravings on tablets, cliffs, or dungeon walls

General Notes:
Top-Down view similar to LoZ
Each screen is 19/6 aspect ratio
Overworld is 15 x 10 screens
Zelda-like screen scrolling / inventory screen access
Most screens in the overworld should contain a secret (bombable wall, burnable bush, movable statue/rock)
Ability to carry bombs is an upgrade like the ability to shoot missiles in Metroid, you need to accomplish something before you can carry bombs

World Regions:
	Red-rock Desert: Sandstone, Grand Canyon, Hoo Doos, lizards, snakes, cacti
	High Desert: Sand, Sand Dunes, snakes, scorpions, emptiness
	Temperate Rain Forest: Tall Trees, Big Bears, rivers, lakes, rain, fish, big foot
	Grasslands: Grass, rolling hills, wide-open
	Coastal Sand Beach: Sand & Surf, Tide that hides/shows rows/columns of tiles
	Coastal Rocky Shore: Granite, Cliffs, Wind, Waves violently smashing the rocks, crabs
	Swamp: dead stuff, undead, noxious fumes, dreary, will-o-the-wisps, getting lost
	Graveyard/"Barrow Downs": graves, undead, spooky

Moon:
	8 phases - Full, Gibbous, Half, Crescent, New, Anti-Crescent, Anti-Half, Anti-Gibbous
	Goes to next phase each night, so it's an 8 day "month" instead of 28 days
	Affects the tide based on phase. The tide is full in during Full Moon, full out during New Moon

Tools/Weapons:
	Copper/Steel/Magic Sword
	Hook-Shot (grab stuff, traverse otherwise non-traversable gaps/hazards)
	Flint & Steel (burn bushes/light torches/etc after a random number of attempts)
	Wand of Fire (10 charges, rechargeable at the “Fire Altar”)
	Bow
	Arrow
	Magical Bow (10 charges, shoots magic arrows, rechargeable somewhere)
	Bomb (Explosive bottle aka Molotov?)
	Key
	Skeleton Key (grants access to the Temple of the Void)
	Magic Key (10 charges, rechargeable somewhere)
	Spell Book (infinite charges for all charged items)
	Bracers of Strength (metal bands covering arms from wrist to elbow, grant strength to move large stones or statues, +1 damage with melee weapons)
	Boots of Speed
	Shield/Magic Shield
	Magic Cloak (reduce damage - similar to a resist that enemies have)
	Compass (1 per dungeon - not necessarily in the dungeon)
	Map (1 per dungeon - not necessarily in the dungeon)

Music:
	Any style (chip tunes or full orchestral, happy to take both)
	Overworld (or by region if we have enough music for that)
 	Dungeon (1 track for all but final dungeon, or 1 for each dungeon if we have enough)
	Final Dungeon

Seals:
	Seal of Fire / Sol's Seal
		Located in the Temple of the Sun
		Possession fully lights all screens (day-time in overworld)
		Destroyed [location] with [tool]
	Seal of Quicksilver / Luna's Seal
		Located in the Temple of the Moon
		Destroyed [location] with [tool]
	Seal of Darkness / Nox' Seal
		Located in the Temple of the Night
		Possession makes all screens dark (night-time in overworld)
		Destroyed [location] with [tool]
	Seal of Change / Trident's Seal
		Located in the Tidal Temple
		Destroyed [location] with [tool]
	Seal of Stone / Golem's Seal
		Located in the Mountain Temple
		Possession automatically animates all statues on screen.
		Destroyed [location] with [tool]
	Seal of Life / Druid's Seal
		Located in the Forest Temple
		Possession causes all "normal" animals to be attracted to it (mob the player). This is in addition to causing dungeon creatures to appear in the overworld.
		Destroyed [location] with [tool]
	Seal of Death / Mordeth's Seal
		Located in the Temple of the Void
		Possession causes all undead to be attracted to it (mob the player). This is in addition to causing dungeon undead to appear in the overworld.
		Destroyed [location] with [tool]
	

Dungeons:
	Temple of the Sun
		Located in the High Desert
		Entrance is surrounded by a half circle of pillars which cast a shadow on the entrance, except around noon when the pillar is too short, this is the only time the dungeon entrance opens
		Contains the Fire Wand
		Contains the Seal of Fire / Sol's Seal
	Temple of the Moon
		Located in the Coastal Rocky Shore
		Entrance is only open at night during the night of the Full Moon
		Entrance forms as a silvery/pale-white, translucent staircase ascending offscreen from Sunset to Sunrise
		Contains the Seal of Quicksilver / Luna's Seal
	Temple of the Night
		Located in the same place as the Temple of the Moon, but its entrance is only open on the night of the New Moon
		Entrance is a deep (nearly black) purple pool or reflection of the night sky with stars visible within, a staircase leads down into the 'blackness'
		Contains the Seal of Darkness / Nox' Seal
	Tidal Temple
		Located on the beach below the High Tide line => need to wait for the tide to go out to enter
		The rocky outcrop the entrance appears in is visible above high tide but cannot be reached until near low tide
		Contains the Seal of Change / Poseidon's Seal
	Mountain Temple
		Located in the Red-rock Desert
		Entrance it flanked by two statues that block the entrance with weapons. They must be attacked to enter. Attacking them fully animates them so they can be killed or avoided.
		Contains the Seal of Stability / Golem's Seal
	Forest Temple
		Located in the Temperate Rain Forest
		Entrance is through the roots of a large tree (think tree from Bambadil's portion of LotR - only not trying to eat you)
		Contains the Seal of Life / Druid's Seal
	Temple of the Void
		Located in the Graveyard
		Entrance is in a mosoleum, requires the Skeleton Key to open
		Contains the Seal of Death / Mordeth's Seal
	Temple of the Gate
		Located in the Swamp
		After destroying all the seals, must follow wil-o-the-wisps to the entrance
		Guardian: The Adversary

Wand of Fire:
	Enter Room, steel door locks behind you, cannot be opened from this side it also has a wooden door that can only be burned with magical fire
	There is a fire in the center of the room
	Move a block to reveal staircase
	Go down and collect Wand of Fire
	Wand of Fire has 0 charges
	Wand of Fire acts as a magical club when it has 0 charges
	“Attacking” the fire in the center of the room with the Wand of Fire fills the wand to its full 10 charges
	The wooden door can be burned with fire from the Wand of Fire
	The Wand of Fire can always be recharged to 10 charges this way
	The Wand of Fire can also be charged up to 1 charge (from 0) with the Flint & Steel (equip both and use the Flint & Steel), this allows the player to create a single magical fire.
	The Wand of Fire has infinite charges when the player possesses the Spell Book

Bracers of Strength:
	Enable Adlez to move certain stones. Adds +1 to melee attack weapon damage (swords/clubs/etc)

Skeleton Key:
	Only unlocks the Temple of the Void. Nothing else unlocks it.

Seals:
	Possessing a seal attracts enemies from the dungeon it was retrieved from
	Destroyed seals become fast travel devices that take you to the location where they were destroyed

	
